(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] The Digi-Destined's
latest grand adventure
has just begun!
The Great Catastrophe
is rumored to occur
in the near future.
It's said that the key to
avoiding this looming threat
is to solve the mystery
of the eight crests.
What's lying in wait for
our Digi-Destined heroes?
One way to find out.
(dramatic music)
(Tai sighing)
And take a look at all
that smoke down there.
(Agumon sniffing)
It kinda smells weird, huh?
Now that you mention
it, you're right.
(all screaming)
(Sora and Biyomon coughing)
(Tai and Agumon screaming)
(Sora and Biyomon screaming)
(Tai grunting)
(Sora grunting)
(vehicles crashing)
(all screaming)
[Junkmon] Emergency rescue!
(bouncing sound)
That Digimon saved us.
Looks like it.
Jeez Louise!
Haven't your heard
of safety first?
You gotta be careful.
(Sora gasping)
All right, that's
enough dilly-dallying.
Get back to your stations,
and remember to
put safety first.
Safety first! (giggling)
(gentle music)
How's the data
recovery coming along?
Any luck?
Looks like it's gonna
take some more time,
but, I'll let you know
if I find any clues
about the Great Catastrophe.
We're all counting
on you here, Izzy.
[Izzy] I'll do my best.
Good luck over there.
Make way coming through
-Oh, excuse us.
-Outta the way.
Come on, you can't
just stand around.
We're trying to
get work done here,
and you are not
putting safety first.
What do you mean safety first?
Safety first is Junkmon
industry's motto.
I still don't get it.
(Junkmon sighing)
Hey, you's guys!
When you all work, you put-
Safety first! (giggling)
Safety first. (giggling)
Safety First!
Did you say work?
What are you all
working on, anyway?
Are you blind?
Didn't you guys see from above?
(all gasping)
This island's volcano sometimes
has smaller eruptions here
and there.
So, for everyone to
survive on this island,
we gotta build walls strong
enough to stop the lava
and position them in a way
to change the flow of it.
Wow, that sounds pretty tough.
Why don't they just
leave the island?
Mm.
It's true that fighting nature
can be troublesome at times,
but no one has even considered
the idea of leaving
the silent and moving.
Why would they wanna leave
when they love it here?
Right, everybody?
[Mushroomon and Bakomon] Yeah!
Love it!
But, lately, the volcano's
been acting up more and more.
And if my instincts are right,
then we're due for a
huge volcanic eruption
just about any day now.
[All] What?
That's why we gotta hurry
and strengthen the walls
before it decides to blow.
That explains why
everyone's so busy.
Hey, Tai, we should
try to help 'em out.
Yeah!
You know what they say,
the more, the merrier!
Welcome aboard!
All right, I'm gonna work hard.
I am too!
Remember, always put safety
first when you're working.
[All] Safety first! (giggling)
[Junkmon] First,
you need to gather
materials for the wall
and transport them.
[Tai] Oh, there's all
sorts of crazy stuff here.
I wonder if all these things
somehow came from our world?
Hmm.
Check it out, Tai.
Can you use this?
Oh, that's a manhole cover.
Yeah, I think so.
Oh, yeah!
What about this?
(Biyomon grunting)
Biyomon, you okay?
Careful over there.
No need to rush.
And, remember, when you
work here, you gotta put-
[All] Safety first. (giggling)
Next, you gotta transport
all the materials you got-
[Mushroomon and
Bakomon] Safety first!
[All] Safety first! (giggling)
Then, you gotta mix the cement,
and pour it onto the
loaded materials.
Once that hardens up,
you're all finished.
[All] Whoa!
We also gotta increase
the wall's height
and mend the breaks and
cracks when they appear.
(Agumon and Tai giggling)
There's tons of work
to be done here,
so we're gonna work
you guys to the bone.
Work fast, but more
importantly, work safe.
Right, everyone?
[All] Safety first! (giggling)
Here it comes.
Safety first!
Nice catch!
(Agumon giggling)
(Biyomon grunting)
All right!
Ooh, not too shabby.
Well done!
Hear that, Sora?
I got a compliment.
Sure did!
Now, let's keep going.
I think I'm getting
the hang of this thing.
Yeah, this is turning out
to be kind of fun, you know?
Don't relax just because
you're getting used to it.
You gotta be sure to put-
[All] Safety first! (giggling)
(booming sound)
What is that?
(Biyomon gasping)
Sound the alarm!
(alarm blaring)
(volcano erupting)
(crashing sounds)
(Agumon groaning)
Move, Sora!
(metal clanging)
Biyomon, no!
(melancholic music)
Biyomon!
(Tai grunting)
(Biyomon groaning)
Hang in there, Biyomon.
(Sora grunting)
You's just leave it to me.
(drilling sound)
(metal clanging)
Biyomon!
I got you.
(melancholic music)
There, that should do it.
It's really nothing serious.
I'm okay.
Either way, it's still
gotta hurt, right?
What matters most is
that you're okay, Sora.
Thanks to you.
But no more pushing yourself
like that, all right?
Mm-hmm.
I think I understand now why
you guys are in such a hurry
to get these walls up.
Yeah, before the
huge eruption comes,
we gotta make 'em taller and
stronger, that's for sure.
Then we have to
get back to work.
I'm gonna work my hardest too.
I'm with ya!
Let's get going!
Me too!
Easy there.
No more physical
labor for you's.
He's right. You should
try to relax for now.
But, I-
You leave it to me.
I'm gonna work hard enough
for the both of us, Biyomon.
You just wait and see.
Tai, Agumon, let's go.
-Okay!
-Mm-hmm.
All right, Junkmon.
We're all set.
What do you got for us?
Ah, plenty.
But you guys need to be
more careful when working.
Make sure to put-
Let me guess, safety first.
I gotcha, I gotcha.
Now, let's get to it.
Yeah.
Sora.
(melancholic music)
Make way, coming through!
I am not slowing down,
so keep it coming!
Leave all the
physical labor to me!
Hey, I'll help you out.
Steady, steady.
Now, let's get to
building this wall taller!
It has to be, if it's
gonna get the job done.
Okay, on to the next one.
(melancholic music)
Sora.
Yeah, just like that.
You got it.
(Sora grunting)
Hey, Sora.
Biyomon?
You shouldn't be here right
now, you need to rest.
But I can't just sit
by while you work.
Let's work together.
Sure, how about you carry
the materials together?
Yeah, that's perfect!
Let's go, Sora.
(Sora grunting)
Sora, Junkmon told us we should
carry it together, right?
So, let's do it together.
No, Biyomon.
You're nowhere near
being healed yet.
But I'm fine already.
Look, look, it's better.
-See?
-I said no.
What if you end up
pushing yourself
and get hurt even worse?
But you've been pushing yourself
doing all of this
hard work on your own.
How come it's okay for
you, but not for me, Sora?
(Sora sighing)
(Biyomon crying)
I'm only doing this for
your own good, Biyomon.
What don't you
understand about that?
But I'm worried about you
getting hurt out there too.
Come on, please, Sora.
I can manage doing this work
by myself just fine, okay?
(metal clanging)
(Sora and Biyomon gasping)
(Biyomon sighing)
Biyomon, this island
is super dangerous.
That's why-
Why can't you just trust me
when I say I can handle it?
(Sora gasping)
I hate you, Sora!
(Biyomon crying)
Biyomon.
(bright music)
(waves crashing)
Sora.
I hate you, Sora!
(Sora gasping)
(melancholic music)
Sora.
Why can't you just trust me
when I say I can handle it?
Why aren't you working?
(Sora gasping)
If you can't focus,
take a break.
You gotta put
safety first, right?
I can't imagine fighting
over something so petty.
You do the dangerous
tasks by yourself too,
don't you, Junkmon?
And you only do it because
you care about everyone
and wanna protect them, right?
You couldn't be more wrong.
Huh?
I'm actually the one
being protected by them.
Those little ones and I.
This I can't run if we
don't do our jobs properly.
In other words, this
wall that we're building
is built from the trust
between me and the little ones.
It's teamwork through and
through, I tell you. (chuckling)
Built from trust.
(melancholic music)
We were always together,
but now,
she says she's fine
all by herself.
Sora.
I have to apologize to Biyomon.
It's my fault.
(volcano erupting)
(Sora gasping)
(Junkmon gasping)
Sound the alarm!
Evacuate immediately!
(alarm blaring)
(volcano rumbling)
(volcano erupting)
(Agumon gasping)
It's erupting!
I had a feeling the big
one was coming soon.
Evacuate!
Huh?
Hey, what are you doing?
Run!
But we have to protect them
with the wall don't we?
The wall is only there
to buy time to evacuate.
When you're dealing with nature,
you have to put your
life's safety first.
Let's go!
(tense music)
(lava hissing)
Come on, we have to save the
Digimon who couldn't escape.
(Agumon grunting)
Agumon digivolve to...
Greymon!
Greymon digivolve to...
MetalGreymon!
Let's go!
Going!
(suspenseful music)
I have to help out too!
I'm coming, Sora.
(Digimon screaming)
(rumbling sound)
[MetalGreymon]
We're here to help.
[Tai] Quick, hop on!
(lava squelching)
(Sora screaming)
(Sora grunting)
Junkmon!
(footsteps pattering)
(Junkmon groaning)
Hang in there.
Biyomon, can you hear me?
(rock blasting)
(Sora grunting)
(footsteps pattering)
(lava squelching)
(Sora grunting)
(air whooshing)
Sora.
Sora, I'm here.
(Sora gasping)
Sora?
There you are.
Biyomon.
(Biyomon crying)
[Biyomon] I'm sorry I told
you I hated you, Sora.
I was lonely and felt like
I was being left behind.
[Sora] I'm sorry I
told you I was fine
all by myself earlier.
[Biyomon] It's okay.
Sora.
We gotta take Junkmon
and get out of this area.
I need your help, Biyomon.
You got that right.
Let's go!
Biyomon digivolve to...
Birdramon!
[Tai] Sora, you're okay!
[Sora] Take care of Junkmon.
[MetalGreymon] Sure.
[Tai] What are you gonna do?
The lava might start
making its way down here.
(volcano rumbling)
(rocks blasting)
(Digimon crying)
We'll stop it before it does.
[Junkmon] It's no use!
No.
If anyone can make
it happen, it's us.
Evacuate everyone to
the ocean right now.
All right, let's go, Birdramon.
Birdramon digivolve to...
(dramatic music)
Garudamon!
(Garudamon grunting)
(dramatic music)
It's no good!
(lava squelching)
(Digimon groaning)
(dramatic music)
[Garudamon] Sora, are you okay?
[Sora] Couldn't be
better, Garudamon.
[Garudamon] If the two
of us are together,
we can overcome any
obstacle in our way.
You know, I couldn't agree more.
[Garudamon] My dear Sora.
-I trust you!
(upbeat music)
Garudamon digivolve to...
(singing in Japanese)
Phoenixmon!
(Tai gasping)
(singing in Japanese)
Sora, your love
has given me power
beyond my wildest dreams!
(singing in Japanese)
Then let's fly, Phoenixmon!
Higher than ever before!
You've got it!
(singing in Japanese)
So awesome.
Whoa, I've never seen
anything like this.
(singing in Japanese)
[MetalGreymon] Tai.
Yeah, it's beautiful.
[Phoenixmon] Sora, thank
you for trusting me.
Mm-hmm.
(gentle music)
Sora!
I love you so much, Sora!
I love you too.
(Sora and Biyomon giggling)
No change at all, huh?
So does this mean we should
just keep moving forward then?
Let's see what ours is saying.
(Digivice beeping)
We can't tell which way
to go either, can we?
Nope.
Then how's about you all
visit the hot springs with me?
Hot springs?
Since the eruption
finally settled,
I was thinking of
recuperating there.
Hey, Tai, are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
Oh, yeah!
Kari and the others
might be there.
Hot springs it is, I guess.
Oh, boy, I can't wait!
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the Digimon
Encyclopedia is Phoenixmon!
Garudamon digivolves into
this golden bird Digimon.
Its special move,
Starlight Explosion,
purges all types of evil!
[Biyomon] Now let's
check me out, shall we?
[Izzy] Biyomon?
[Biyomon] With four wings now,
I feel like I could
fly anywhere.
But I haven't adjusted back yet,
so it feels a little
odd flying with two.
Oh, no, I'm gonna fall!
(bright music)
[Izzy] Which Digimon
will it be next time?
[Narrator] The hot springs'
ruler, ShogunGekomon.
Will Joe be able to save
the captured Gomamon
and free the hot springs?
[Tai] Next time, "The
Geko Hot Springs' Revolt."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.